Feature/mtm 58268/document mqtt service topic limiting (#2464)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/mqtt-service-bundle/implementation.md

Wildcard topics (`+`, `#`) and system topics starting with `$` are not supported.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

#### Topic limit {#topic-limit}

> MQTT Service has the ability to limit the total number of topics that a single tenant can create, current default is no limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MQTT Service has the ability to limit the total number of topics that a single tenant can create. The current default is no limit.
```

> When creation of new topic, via implicit creation via client publishing message or subscribing to non-existent topic, would breach the topic limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the creation of a new topic, either by creating it directly via the client publishing message or subscribing to anon-existent topic, would breach the topic limit
```

Reviewer 2: @abor-c8y in case you don't spot it, there's a mistake in @MWindel's suggestion ('anon-existent' should be ' a non-existent')

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the creation of a new topic, either by creating it directly via the client publishing message or subscribing to a non-existent topic, would breach the topic limit
```

the delivery of the packet is prevented.

> In the case of MQTT 5 clients have access to reason code and reason string describing the failure when using QoS 1 via acknowledgements,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of MQTT, five clients have access to the reason code and reason string describing the failure when using QoS 1 via acknowledgements,
```

Reviewer 2: @abor-c8y, @MWindel. This should be ' ... of MQTT 5, clients have access ...'. The 5 is the MQTT protocol version, not the number of clients.

Reviewer 2: .. and should this be '... using QoS 1 _with_ acknowledgements ...'.

The whole sentence seems unclear and maybe assuming some context/example. It's hard to tell what it should be or what it is trying to say..

Reviewer 2: .. okay the context is 'topic limit'. SO I guess the missing part is that we should be saying, 'When the topic limit is reached, attempts to create  new topic will ... for MQTT 5, ....for MQTT 3.1 and 3.1.1. Maybe broken into more than one sentences or bullet points.

> reason code being QUOTA_EXCEEDED: 0x97.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reason code being `QUOTA_EXCEEDED: 0x97`.
```

> In the case of MQTT 3.1 and 3.1.1 clients only have access to reason code describing the failure when using QoS 1 via acknowledgements and only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of MQTT 3.1 and 3.1.1 clients only have access to the reason code describing the failure when using QoS 1 via acknowledgements and only
```

> for SUBSCRIBE packets, where the reason code is 0x80.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the SUBSCRIBE packets, where the reason code is `0x80`.
```

> For PUBLISH packets, client will be disconnected with no further information as per the MQTT specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For PUBLISH packets, the client will be disconnected with no further information as per the MQTT specification.
```

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
Work to enable an error topic so that information regarding topic limit failures can be accessible to MQTT 3 client is underway.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

#### Topic cleanup {#topic-cleanup}

> MQTT Service will automatically remove topics which are no longer in use, topics are recognized as inactive when there are no subscriptions and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MQTT service will automatically remove topics which are no longer in use, topics are recognized as inactive when there are no subscriptions and
```

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest a full-stop and new sentence between '... no longer in use. and 'topics are recognized ...' rather than a comma

Reviewer 2: In fact more - user the same language across 2 sentences 
```suggestion
The MQTT service will automatically remove topics which are no longer active. Topics are recognized as inactive when there are no subscriptions and
```

> internal publisher to the topic is closed. The publisher is responsible for publishing modified MQTT Service messages to the correct topic and these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the internal publisher to the topic is closed. The publisher is responsible for publishing the modified MQTT service messages to the correct topic. These
```

Reviewer 2: Alternative that adds this below. 'These sounded like the messages as it was the only plural entity in the previous sentence, so below I've changed 'These' to 'The publishers' to be clearer. I also improved the following sentence

live within a cache, where the publisher expires after one hour. Due to this it can take up to an hour after removing all subscriptions from a topic
for it to be automatically deleted.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the internal publisher to the topic is closed. The publisher is responsible for publishing the modified MQTT service messages to the correct topic. The publishers 
live within a cache with an expiry time of one hour. As a result, it can take up to an hour after removing all subscriptions from a topic
for it to be automatically deleted.

```
